Update 7: Premium (#256)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/premium/customImage.md

# $customImage
*(for premium bots)*

> This function is used to return the uploaded image in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function is used to return the URL of an image uploaded in the app.
```

## Syntax
```
$customImage[Custom image tag]
```

> ## Parameters
> - `custom image tag`: The tag that you set the custom image to, previously.
> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Parameters
- `custom image tag`: The image tag you set in the app while uploading the image.

## Example
```

# $customImage
*(for premium bots)*

This function is used to return the URL of an image uploaded in the app.

## Syntax
```

> $customImage[Custom image tag]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$customImage[custom image tag]
```
